Everyone, welcome to module four.
So in this module we're going to be going
over the VOIP app that we created so
you can have your own VOIP
app to work with but first,
we're gonna go over Android and
how it works with SIP.
So we'll be talking about
the Android SIP classes.
So just sit tight, check out the video,
learn about all the classes that
had to deal with the VOIP app, cuz this
will help you understand what's happening
later on in the next lesson where we
will actually go over the app itself.
So as I mentioned, the two main topics
we'll be covering in this lesson will be
the SipProfile and the SipManager classes.
These will allow you to create
your Sip accounts and also manage
the phone calls between one account and
a differing account.